DevCon 3.0.4 Fatty Edition
Please See LICENSE.txt for license information.

Bug/Version History: 
3.0 -  Fixed numerous problems with GUI.
3.0.2 - Major fixes to memory handling and added 
DNS look-up and Telnet (Shelled From /windows/system32)
3.0.3 -  Again added some memory fixes. Also added 
system tray support. Minor GUI changes. Fixed save log problem, I hope:)
3.0.4 Fatty Edition -
 Minor GUI changes (from spanish to english/spinglish to english =-D)
 Removed last little annoying bits of Spanish from UI/MsgBox's
 Splash screen now does not require a key to be pressed and loads main form.
 Little bug where saved password wouldn't load when first clicking profile
 Removed a useless form (REMOVE.frm lol)
 Coding indented to be more readable
 Clock space not so cramped anymore.
 Tried fixing connection freezing problem, but because we connect using wininet
API's, and we don't directly deal with the FTP protocol, we cannot eliminate the
UI freeze while connecting to a server. Dealing directly with the FTP protocol
using Winsock would eliminate any freezing, but also add a lot of coding. Which is
why wininet was made in the first place. Ahh what we give up for ease of use, VB
is a prime example! LOLOL
 Fixed bug where if file was first in box it wouldn't work correctly when right clicking.
this bug was from For i = 1 To ListView2.ListItems.Count, Index's start at 0, not 1.
 Removed frmAbout and just used Splash instead, looks much better.
NOTE: There were a couple of missing images on some forms, I left them missing
     because I'd never had them, and I've never seen them.
 

ShortCuts:
CTRL + M - Send To Tray
CTRL + O - Open Log
CTRL + S - Save Log
CTRL + E - Connect To Server
CTRL + Q - Disconnect 
F4       - Exit
CTRL + U - Upload
CTRL + D - Download

Capabilities:

This is an update to the old DevCon 3.0 FTP Client. Which is an update to yzyFTP.
It has support for Local and remote file manipulation, via FTP. It can use ASCII or
binary. This client still has some work to be done like CHMOD.